do you want nine super easy tips that
might just increase website leads from
your home page hey i'm sam dunning
co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com and
host of the top 100 marketing podcast
business growth show if you haven't yet
check out my weekly email where i share
actual marketing tips useful podcasts
free guides resources and plenty of
bonuses each and every monday to start
your week off with a bang
check it out over at
businessgrowth.email
all right so let's jump into the nine
tips that might just increase inbound
sales leads from your website homepage
tip number one is focused on page speed
so you've probably been there before i
know i certainly have i've searched for
something perhaps on google maybe
there's a new piece of software a new
product to help us
clicked on the link and the site just
took ages and ages and ages to load
we're not talking seconds we're perhaps
talking 10 15 seconds longer nothing
more frustrating especially when you're
wanting to make an inquiry or buy
something there and then
chances are if that's happened to you
you've exited the window and you've head
to a competitor that's given you a
better experience and use them instead
so the last thing you want to do is be
spending time or money marketing
advertising whether that's google
facebook linkedin
other platforms and then people drop off
your website because your site's too
slow so i recommend you go on to a tool
called google page speed insights
copy and paste your website link
put in the address click go and you can
get a score out of 100 for your mobile
website version and your desktop view of
your site
as well as that you'll get a list of
actionable tips so if your website is a
bit slow it will say things like look
you could reduce image sizes you could
reduce the files of animations or heavy
code or jquery code or you could lower
the size of videos there'll be lots of
different tips that you'll get on how
you can make your website nice and quick
so ideally you want a page speed of one
second or less so it loads lightning
quick on pc and mobile so you can get
straight into your site and do what they
want to do point number two having a
mobile first design that's crafted
around customer research so if you want
to know more about designing and
building for idle clients i have got
other podcasts on business growth
showing videos around designing your
sites for ideal clients so check those
out all about talking to your best
existing clients understanding what they
like about your site what it's missing
what they really care about and making
sure you're designing sites for idle
customers are you the ones that are
gonna buy your stuff and not to fuel
your own ego or just what you think
looks pretty actually designing it for
the people that are going to be buying
our stuff
now mobile first design that essentially
the reason we want to do that is
typically now there's a lot of stats
online it's roughly around 60 of
searches on average and now from a
mobile device so it's no longer good
enough doing the traditional responsive
design that means when your website
adapts to pc adapts to tablet adapts to
mobile it should really have a mobile
first approach so design specifically
for mobile devices first and then you
design for the desktop
google's one of google's recent
algorithm updates was cool web vitals
and that takes a big emphasis on having
a great user experience on mobile as
well as other devices and if you don't
design well for mobile your ranking can
actually be affected not only if someone
goes onto your site and it looks like a
potato if it looks awful on mobile
they're just going to click off because
it doesn't give them a great experience
they're going to go on to a better site
that does so really taking the time to
make sure your site not only looks okay
but looks awesome on mobile get customer
feedback make sure they're happy with
the way it performs and operates point
number three have a clear headline on
your website that says exactly what you
do
or the problem that you solve with a
clear call to action so for example at
webchoiceuk.com
ours is we build websites and seo
strategies that generate leads and sales
and then we have a call to action we
actually have two call to actions for
view our work linking to our portfolio
and we have another to request a free
quote and that's literally as soon as
you land on our homepage above the fold
before you need to scroll the headline
and the call to actions i recommend
something similar on your site so that
way as soon as someone lands on your
website if they click an ad social
however they get directed to your site
they know exactly what you do or the
problem that you solve and then they've
got a clear option if they want to get
in touch with you or view more about
your offering they can do that nice and
easily without having to mess about
flick around they've got the option bang
straight in front of you so they're
ready to make an inquire if they wish to
do so point number four so one thing
that i've seen marketers business owners
make the mistake of on their website is
trying to list every single product
service offering
they've ever offered on their home page
so a cluttered home page that's not
simple it's not clean easy to understand
and navigate is not going to do you any
favors so instead of listing every
single feature product benefit you do
ever focus on the key
points the key benefits the key problems
that you solve that your customers
actually care about focus on the main
ones
that might be three four five points or
so that you can elaborate on rather than
confusing people by listing everything
try and make it as clear as easy to
digest and understand as possible
if you're unsure if it's going to work
well
again why not talk to some of your
existing best prospects best customers
get their feedback ask them is this
clear is there anything we should chop
off
is this the actual problem that we
helped you with would you make any
changes could we do anything to simplify
this
that is one of the best ways to make
sure your homepage is doing the job
point number five
use clear
simple easy to understand and easy to
digest copy
on your homepage the only exception to
this is if you're perhaps selling
software or perhaps you're dealing with
people that are quite technical whether
that is like chief technical officers or
perhaps you're dealing with marketers
if they know for example if you're
selling quite a complex software
solution or technical solution
manufacturing solution whatever the heck
it is
and there's a lot of jargon there's a
lot of technical
descriptive words that you use and your
customers actually use those words often
on day to day on sales calls on customer
calls then feel free to use them if
that's the lingo that they use then by
all means use it on your website and
your customers are familiar with if
they're not using the lingo or they're
not using technical jargon steer well
clear of it the best thing you can do is
keep your website copy
as easy to understand and digest as
possible that way when new visitors land
on your site they can easily grasp
exactly what you do how it helps them
and then you can give them the option to
get in touch the last thing you want to
do is confuse them as donald miller says
if you confuse you lose
it's so true your safest bet is to make
it is clear and easy to understand how
you can help and what you offer unless
like i say your customers often use
insider tech jargon then it makes sense
to use it point number six use
consistent and descriptive call to
actions
so on your website one of the main goals
for most websites anyway is to get
people to take some kind of action if
that's request a quote book a call book
a demo make a purchase download this
ebook whatever you want your users your
visitors to do now i recommend making a
call to action descriptive so rather
than just saying book a call
tell the person exactly what they get so
book your free quote or download your
free 10 tips guide to increase website
leads or
explain exactly what someone gets by
pressing that button
it's as simple as that and not only that
don't just have them at the top of your
home page perhaps in the hero area or
the banner have them consistently so as
someone scrolls down they don't have to
scroll keep scrolling back to the top to
make an inquiry or download a guide or
to book a call
make it as easy as possible so as
they're moving through your site they're
consistently there the same call to
action the same description so it makes
it nice and easy for people to reach out
to you no matter what part of that home
page of your website they are on point
number seven
give people multiple options to reach
out to you so as a marketer as a
business owner you might wish that
everyone called you or you might wish
that everyone emailed you well the
chances are your prospect might not want
to chat on the same channel as you
so for that reason we should give people
multiple options to get in touch with us
whatever works best for them so that
could be a live chat option that could
be filling out an inquiry form that
could be booking a call on the calendar
or could even be clicking the number on
their mobile or just typing in the phone
number so give people multiple ways to
reach out to you whether that's phone
email inquiry form maybe even live chat
that way you've given three four maybe
even five options so you're covering
different personas really as everyone
has their own way to deal with you some
deals we've closed have only been over
email some have been over the phone some
have been a mix of different channels so
give your customers more options to get
in touch with you and that's going to
help you
open the door to more inquiries point
number eight is a big one it's
leveraging social proof now this is
really important because if you're going
to be spending money or time driving a
ton of traffic to your website through
ads through seo through marketing
through social free podcasts whatever
the heck you're doing we need to make
sure that when people land on our site
they trust that we're going to do a good
job for them we build confidence with
them and eventually we encourage them to
convert we encourage them to make an
inquiry with us book a demo whatever
that next step is so ways that you can
leverage social proof to build trust are
through customer testimonials perhaps
you've got customer review videos maybe
you've got case studies of jobs that
you've done well
maybe you have got examples of podcasts
where you're sharing best practices tips
and so on maybe you've got reviews like
from google reviews or trustpilot or
capterra or g2 or whatever review site
you use so leverage these things put
them nicely displayed on your home page
as well as other pages on your site so
as people scroll through as people
navigate your site they're understanding
they're perhaps seeing examples of
customers you've helped with similar
problems to them you're building that
trust and you might just be tipping
people over the edge to get ready to
speak and reach out to you and finally
point number nine is overcome
customer objections with your copy with
your content
so one of the best ideas here is to
speak to your sales team if you have one
or if you're running the business fully
yourself then you will probably know the
answers
what are the common things what the
common issues
the common queries the faqs that people
constantly bring up on sales calls
i
let's give you a quick example us with
web choice it might be how much does a
website cost what is the the process for
designing and building a website um why
should we use you guys
what kind of software do you so do you
have these common questions that people
bring up on almost every sales call
something that takes you a bit of time
to respond to something you have to
overcome
think about those draw up a list of
these common queries and address them
address them on your site so on your
homepage for example you could pick the
top four top five most juiciest things
that often get asked
but a little faq section so people can
easily get the answers quickly
they don't have to hassle you on a sales
call
they can get the content there and then
and again this might just be the tipping
point that encourages them to reach out
to you and there you have it i hope
these nine tips for your website
homepage have been of use as always if
you're tuning in from youtube a quick
subscribe is much appreciated or if
you're listening in on apple or spotify
a very quick rating i'd be very much
thankful for and otherwise we should
catch you on the next one cheers